Configure process to complain about unset variable (#307)
heroku/buildpacks-ruby: buildpacks/ruby/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - The buildpack now warns the user when environmental variables used in running process is not defined. ([#307](https://github.com/heroku/buildpacks-ruby/pull/307))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The buildpack now warns the user when environmental variables used in running the default process are not defined. ([#307](https://github.com/heroku/buildpacks-ruby/pull/307))
```
